you guys ready to rock and roll party
girl crosta ask the tough guns and
they'll tell you it's the most difficult
racing they ever done ah it's fun but
it's very serious business
my name is Eric paranoid i'm the creator
of enduro cross to build an enduro cross
track you need a very talented crew and
you need about five days worth of work
you have a you know mods sand gravel
logs river rock everything you name it
you know it's almost as exciting to look
at the course as it is to ride it we
give it to the writers of the present
and they usually enjoy it tremendously
writing an annual cross track is very
difficult people don't know but they do
that crash man get back up again oh gosh
gender stall so when the race will get
one of those there's nowhere on the
track really take that trying to take a
deep breath whoever stays on the bike
the longest is usually guy the winds
a lot of crashes a lot of action
we call